README.md, before:

# Reslver Kit

[![CI - build & release](https://git.k8s.app/resolve/reslver-kit/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://git.k8s.app/resolve/reslver-kit/actions/workflows/main.yml)

A CLI tool that generate `excel report` and `diagrams` of existing infrastrcture from `tfstate` files.

> Related Confluence Page: [Model Language](https://resolve.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/P/pages/2165637181)

---

## Installation

### Prerequisite

> This project is required to install: [Golang 1.17^](https://go.dev/), and [Python3 3.7^](https://www.python.org)

### Install Reslver Kit Locally

**_please make sure you have right to clone those repositories under this repository._**

```
earthly config 'git."git.k8s.app".auth' ssh && \
earthly config 'git."git.k8s.app".user' git && \
earthly config 'git."git.k8s.app".strict_host_key_checking' false && \
earthly +build
```

---

## Usages

### reslver-kit --help

```
NAME:
   reslver-kit - Reslver Toolkit

USAGE:
   reslver-kit [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]

VERSION:
   1.0.0

COMMANDS:
   init     initialize reslver toolkit
   apply    generate diagrams from terraform states
   help, h  Shows a list of commands or help for one command

GLOBAL OPTIONS:
   --help, -h     show help (default: false)
   --version, -v  print the version (default: false)
```

### reslver-kit init --help

```
NAME:
   reslver-kit init - initialize reslver toolkit

USAGE:
   reslver-kit init [command options] [arguments...]

OPTIONS:
   --debug, -d                 Enable debug mode (default: false)
   --force, -f                 Force initialize all reslver configurations (default: false)
   --template value, -t value  Indicate which default YAML configuration template should be generated [ sample | overall | level2 ]
   --help, -h                  show help (default: false)
```

### reslver-kit apply --help

```
NAME:
   reslver-kit apply - generate diagrams from terraform states

USAGE:
   reslver-kit apply [command options] [arguments...]

OPTIONS:
   --debug, -d                  Enable debug mode (default: false)
   --yaml-config FILE, -y FILE  Load graph YAML configuration from FILE (default: "/**/Project/reslver/reslver-kit/examples/graph.yaml")
   --config DIR, -c DIR         Load configurations from DIR (default: "/**/reslver/reslver-kit/examples/.reslver/configs/") [$RESLVER_PATH]
   --input DIR, -i DIR          Load terraform states from DIR (default: "/**/Project/reslver/reslver-kit/examples/")
   --output DIR, -o DIR         Output results to DIR (default: "/**/Project/reslver/reslver-kit/examples/")
   --help, -h                   show help (default: false)
```

---

## Example

https://git.k8s.app/joseph/reslver-examples

Commit message:

chore: add local build script

README.md, after:

# Reslver Kit

[![CI - build & release](https://git.k8s.app/resolve/reslver-kit/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://git.k8s.app/resolve/reslver-kit/actions/workflows/main.yml)

A CLI tool that generate `excel report` and `diagrams` of existing infrastrcture from `tfstate` files.

> Related Confluence Page: [Model Language](https://resolve.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/P/pages/2165637181)

---

## Installation

### Install Reslver Kit Locally (install.sh)

#### Prerequisite

> This project is required to install: [Golang 1.17^](https://go.dev/), and [Python3 3.7^](https://www.python.org) \
> **_please make sure you have right to clone those repositories under this repository._**

```
. build/install.sh
```

### Install Reslver Kit Locally (Earthly)

#### Prerequisite

> This project is required to install: [Earthly](https://earthly.dev/) \
> **_please make sure you have right to clone those repositories under this repository._**

```
earthly config 'git."git.k8s.app".auth' ssh && \
earthly config 'git."git.k8s.app".user' git && \
earthly config 'git."git.k8s.app".strict_host_key_checking' false && \
earthly +release-local
```

---

## Usages

#### Prerequisite

> To use reslver-kit, you must have: [Python3 3.7](https://www.python.org)

### reslver-kit --help

```
NAME:
   reslver-kit - Reslver Toolkit

USAGE:
   reslver-kit [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]

VERSION:
   1.0.0

COMMANDS:
   init     initialize reslver toolkit
   apply    generate diagrams from terraform states
   help, h  Shows a list of commands or help for one command

GLOBAL OPTIONS:
   --help, -h     show help (default: false)
   --version, -v  print the version (default: false)
```

### reslver-kit init --help

```
NAME:
   reslver-kit init - initialize reslver toolkit

USAGE:
   reslver-kit init [command options] [arguments...]

OPTIONS:
   --debug, -d                 Enable debug mode (default: false)
   --force, -f                 Force initialize all reslver configurations (default: false)
   --template value, -t value  Indicate which default YAML configuration template should be generated [ sample | overall | level2 ]
   --help, -h                  show help (default: false)
```

### reslver-kit apply --help

```
NAME:
   reslver-kit apply - generate diagrams from terraform states

USAGE:
   reslver-kit apply [command options] [arguments...]

OPTIONS:
   --debug, -d                  Enable debug mode (default: false)
   --yaml-config FILE, -y FILE  Load graph YAML configuration from FILE (default: "/**/Project/reslver/reslver-kit/examples/graph.yaml")
   --config DIR, -c DIR         Load configurations from DIR (default: "/**/reslver/reslver-kit/examples/.reslver/configs/") [$RESLVER_PATH]
   --input DIR, -i DIR          Load terraform states from DIR (default: "/**/Project/reslver/reslver-kit/examples/")
   --output DIR, -o DIR         Output results to DIR (default: "/**/Project/reslver/reslver-kit/examples/")
   --help, -h                   show help (default: false)
```

---

## Example

https://git.k8s.app/joseph/reslver-examples
